fsForward - Employment contract
From out: The Netherlands

Terms and agreements:

---- Ownership of Work Products. ---- 

As a result of this Agreement, the Service Provider will create specific Assignments, 
which shall be referred to as “Work Products”.

All Work Products are owned by the Service provider.
You shall not maintain any rights to these Work Products,
and you shall turn over all Work Products upon the termination of this Contract.



---- Company Relationship. ---- 

You agree that the Service Provider is providing the Services under this Contract and acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee.

This Contract does not create a partnership, joint venture, or any other fiduciary relationship between you and the Company/Service Provider. 



---- Confidentiality. ----

During the course of this Contract, it will be necessary for you to share confidential information, to the Service Provider in order for the Service Provider to complete the Services.

The Service Provider will not share any of this proprietary information at any time.
The Service Provider also will not use any of this proprietary information for the Service Provider’s personal benefit at any time.

This section remains in full force and effect even after termination of the Contract by it’s natural termination or the early termination by either Party.



---- Termination. ----

This Contract may be terminated at any time by either Party.

If this contract does not terminate by its natural termination,
then you will have to finish your unfinished work products within 14 days. 

If not then you will be responsible for any work delay.
And you shall discuss with the Service Provider about what happens next.



---- Governing Law and Jurisdiction. ----

You agree that this Contract shall be governed by the State and/or Country in which the company was founded.

In the event that you are in a different State and/or Countrie, this Contract will still be governed by 
the law of the Netherlands.



---- Entire Agreement. ----

You acknowledge and agree that this Contract represents the entire agreement between you and the Service Provider. 

In the event that  you or the Service Provider desires to change, add, or otherwise modify any terms, that You/The Service Provider will discuss it with eachoter.



You want to work in (Can pick more then 1):
1. Game development
2. Texture development
3. Music producing
4. Game Tester

Answer: 



Client:
    Signature: 
    First-Name: 
    Date: 

Service provider:
    Signature: fsForward.
    First-Name: Tycho
    Date: 